<!DOCTYPE HTML>
<!--
	Spectral by HTML5 UP
	html5up.net | @ajlkn
	Free for personal and commercial use under the CCA 3.0 license (html5up.net/license)
-->
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Meetings</title>
		<meta charset="utf-8" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1, user-scalable=no" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="assets/css/main.css" />
		<noscript><link rel="stylesheet" href="assets/css/noscript.css" /></noscript>
	</head>
	<body class="is-preload">

		<!-- Page Wrapper -->
			<div id="page-wrapper">

				<!-- Header -->
					<header id="header">
						<h1><a href="Meetings.html">Meetings</a></h1>
						<nav id="nav">
							<ul>
								<li class="special">
									<a href="#menu" class="menuToggle"><span>Menu</span></a>
									<div id="menu">
										<ul>
											<li><a href="index.html">Home</a></li>
											<li><a href="Ideal Jobs.html">Ideal Jobs?</a></li>
											<li><a href="Tools.html">Tools</a></li>
											<li><a href="Industry Data.html">Industry Data</a></li>
											<li><a href="IT Work.html">IT Work</a></li>
											<li><a href="IT Technologies - Autonomous Vehicles.html">IT Technologies - Autonomous Vehicles</a></li>
											<li><a href="IT Technologies - Clouds, Servers and Services.html">IT Technologies - Clouds, Servers and Services</a></li>
											<li><a href="IT Technologies - Cybersecurity.html">IT Technologies - Cybersecurity</a></li>
											<li><a href="IT Technologies - Raspberry Pis.html">IT Technologies - Raspberry Pis and Small Computing Devices</a></li>
											<li><a href="Project Idea.html">Project Idea</a></li>
											<li><a href="Group Reflection.html">Group Reflection</a></li>
											<li><a href="Meetings.html">Meetings</a></li>
										</ul>
									</div>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</nav>
					</header>

				<!-- Main Body -->
					<article id="main">
						<header>
							<h2>Meeting Schedule</h2>
						</header>
						<section class="wrapper style5">
							<div class="inner">
								<h3>MS Teams and Face-to-Face Meetings:</h3>
								<p>
									Below are links to the specified meeting sections, 
									as well as any recording for meetings. Some of the 
									meetings were not recorded as they were conducted 
									face-to-face during the tutorial sessions. To access 
									the recordings, please ensure that you log in to an 
									RMIT email. The reason for this and not simply making 
									it public, is because making it public would expire at 
									the end of May. Meetings were conducted every week, 
									with one meeting being face-to-face and the other meeting 
									was conducted online via Microsoft Teams. Meetings conducted 
									online were recorded and linked under the ‘Recording’ link.
								</p>
								<div id=links>
									<h3>Links:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									30/03/2021 <a href="#agenda01">Agenda</a> <a href="#actions01">Actions</a><br>
									08/04/2021 <a href="#agenda02">Agenda</a> <a href=https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/s3783719_student_rmit_edu_au/EWVUoATPmLdLkPu-Ty_U5k4BSoGmstwxjQ5qiRx24Eb6pA?e=OaxA53">Recording</a> <a href="#actions02">Actions</a><br>
									13/04/2021 <a href="#agenda03">Agenda</a> <a href="#actions03">Actions</a><br>
									14/04/2021 <a href="#agenda04">Agenda</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/s3783719_student_rmit_edu_au/Eetww9tX9CNEn5-hljtltOsBLX7uYvpdE_l5BPHV81yiQg?e=RbBjkB">Recording</a> <a href="#actions04">Actions</a><br>
									20/04/2021 <a href="#agenda05">Agenda</a> <a href="#actions05">Actions</a><br>
									21/04/2021 <a href="#agenda06">Agenda</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/s3783719_student_rmit_edu_au/EUO_P6QDX6RNhObGaZDptjIB6OBxIqQgq6QT_2XPGSmuWw?e=v9wEmA">Recording</a> <a href="#actions06">Actions</a><br>
									27/04/2021 <a href="#agenda07">Agenda</a> <a href="#actions07">Actions</a><br>
									28/04/2021 <a href="#agenda08">Agenda</a> <a href="https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/s3783719_student_rmit_edu_au/EUO_P6QDX6RNhObGaZDptjIB6OBxIqQgq6QT_2XPGSmuWw?e=TTkDs3">Recording</a> <a href="#actions08">Actions</a><br>
								</p>
								<h3>30/03/2021 Meeting (Face-to-Face)</h3>
								<div id=agenda01>
									<h3>Agenda:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									This meeting was about ensuring that all members knew how and where to 
									contact each other, as well as deciding a rough time on when to have an 
									official meeting. As we also had an additional member (to the initial group), 
									we had to ensure that we added them to the MS Teams channel, and updated 
									them on what had happened during the meeting. Most members had assignments 
									from other courses, so it was decided that each member only think about 
									which project idea to use and read through the specifications before next 
									meeting. This meeting also has no recording, as with every odd recording as 
									the group decided that one out of the two group meetings would be held during 
									the tutorial class (face-to-face/on campus).
								</p>
								<p>
									The key agenda for this meeting was to discuss potential project ideas, 
									not necessarily the idea that would be used for assignment, but just to 
									consider potential ideas and share them with the group. We had decided to 
									hold off on distributing work because one member was missing, however, we 
									briefly went over how we think the work should be distributed, and roughly 
									how many people should work on each section.
								</p>
								<div id=actions01>
									<h3>Actions:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									Members were to choose a project idea that the group would go through with, 
									and also read through the specifications of the assignment and think about 
									how the work could be split. As this meeting was before the mid-semester 
									break, there was not much work assigned. They would need to be prepared 
									to meet at the designated date to meet and discuss the assignment more 
									thoroughly with all members present.
								</p>
								<h3>08/04/2021 Meeting (Online)</h3>
								<div id=agenda02>
									<h3>Agenda:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									This meeting was actually pushed forward, as the planned time was actually 
									the 7th of April, however, going forward all online meetings would be on 
									Wednesdays at 8:30pm. The agenda for this meeting was mainly to go through 
									the specifications and assign each member with a section or more each. 
									Another topic on the agenda was to discuss the project idea and to choose 
									one out of the ones suggested by the members.
								</p>
								<p>
									After going through the assignment specifications as a group, each member 
									was to express any section they wish to have or any section they didn’t 
									want to have. This was in hopes of improve the quality of work, because 
									if members were assigned to a section they wanted they were more likely 
									to work harder on it. As no members expressed any desire, we simply 
									went through the list and Anthony, as the chair of the meetings, suggested 
									a random member. In the end the majority of the sections were only 
									assigned one person. The only sections split up to multiple people 
									where the industry data section and the IT technologies section. This was 
									because these two sections were considered to be larger than the others.
								</p>
								<p>
									Regarding the project idea, the group decided that the idea we would 
									proceed with was the parking spot booking app. This was because this 
									was the idea which was the most fleshed out, as it was Victor’s assignment 
									1 idea, and that the group already had an idea of how such an application 
									would function.
								</p>
								<p>
									The final topic on the agenda was to remind everyone about potential 
									deadlines and meeting dates for the future. It was decided that we 
									would be meeting twice a week, once during the tutorial and the second 
									during the online meetings on every Wednesday at 8:30pm.
								</p>
								<div id=actions02>
									<h3>Actions:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									As everyone has been assigned a section, each member would need to 
									start working on the content side of their sections (i.e. ignoring the 
									website for now). They will also need to send the emails they used to 
									Anthony, as he is setting up the GitHub repository. Each member would 
									also need to be ready to meet in the next tutorial, and ‘report’ on what 
									they’ve done, any issues they may have, and what they plan to do.
								</p>
								<p>
									The actions that need to be taken after the meeting was simply to work 
									on the assigned sections. As everyone had been assigned at least one 
									section, they would need to start working on the content side of the 
									section, and would need to make some considerable progress by next meeting. 
									They would need to post they’re documents into the MS Teams and the 
									GitHub to show that they have completed their assigned work.
								</p>
								<p>
									Each member would also need to send a message with the email they use 
									for their GitHub account so that Anthony could add them to the group 
									repository. Each member would need to be ready to “report” on what 
									they’ve done, any issues they had when working on their section, 
									and what they plan to do after the meeting.
								</p>
								<h3>13/04/2021 Meeting (Face-to-Face)</h3>
								<div id=agenda03>
									<h3>Agenda:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									The agenda for this meeting was to simply catch up with each other, 
									in the sense that each member would need to report on what they’ve 
									been working on since last meeting, any issues they may have 
									encountered and if they need help, and what they plan to do before 
									the next meeting. The issue with this meeting was that two of the five 
									members were not present, so it was difficult to discuss anything new, 
									as such, it was decided that we would only briefly discuss new topics 
									and bring them up again in tomorrow’s meeting. As the next meeting would 
									be the following day, it was not expected that each member make a lot 
									of progress on what they planned to do, but it was expected that each 
									member know what they plan to do and wasn’t going in blind.
								</p>
								<p>
									Another topic that was brought up was relating to deadlines and when 
									we should start putting our work together, this would include both the 
									website and the final report document. This was important as there was 
									only roughly three weeks left before submission, and simply leaving 
									everything to the end was an extremely bad idea. As such, the planned 
									deadlines was that each member was to complete at least one section by 
									the end of this week, another section the following week, and in the 
									final week the group would put everything together.
								</p>
								<p>
									During the ‘stand-up’, where members reported on what they’ve been 
									working on, everyone seemed to be on track and were working on their 
									assigned tasks with minimal issues. It was also noted that members 
									need to post their work on the MS Teams file tab and the GitHub 
									repository both as a form of backup and to show that they’ve been 
									working.
								</p>
								<div id=actions03>
									<h3>Actions:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									As some members were missing, one of the main actions taken was 
									to catch up the missing members during the weekly online meeting 
									held tomorrow. This was important as deadlines were discussed 
									during the face-to-face meeting. A regular action that needed to 
									be taken, was that each member would need to finish off one section 
									by the end of the week and post it in the relevant shared spaces 
									to show that they have actually worked on it instead of simply just 
									saying they’ve been working on it.
								</p>
								<h3>14/04/2021 Meeting (Online)</h3>
								<div id=agenda04>
									<h3>Agenda:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									This meeting was to conduct a more formal, as well as a recorded 
									weekly meeting, and to reiterate the topics brought up in the 
									face-to-face meeting during the tutorial. Once again each member 
									would need to go over what they worked on, any issues, and what 
									they planned to do. The reason for this was because two members, 
									Sahil and Artem, were not present in the face-to-face meeting.
								</p>
								<p>
									This meetings main topic was to discuss deadlines and to reiterate 
									the planned dates from the previous meeting. As such, it was 
									agreed that by the end of each week, for the current week and 
									the next week, each member would need to have completed a section. 
									This would results in all content being completed, as members were 
									roughly assigned two sections each.
								</p>
								<div id=actions04>
									<h3>Actions:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									As some of the members haven’t started working on their sections yet, 
									or have not made a lot of progress yet, they will either start making 
									progress or continue working on their sections. They will also aim 
									to complete at least one section by the end of this week. GitHub 
									repository invites have also been sent, members who have not already 
									accepted the invite will accept it and put their work in there.
								</p>
								<h3>20/04/2021 Meeting (Face-to-Face)</h3>
								<div id=agenda05>
									<h3>Agenda:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									This was the first face-to-face meeting that all members were present. 
									In this meeting we discussed similar topics to previous meetings, 
									what members have been working on, what they plan to work on, and 
									any issues they encountered. This was the final week for content 
									to be worked on, and the following week would be finalising the 
									combined/group documentation and putting the content into the website. 
									We also discussed what template to use for the website, and concluded 
									that using one of the member’s templates from the previous assignment 
									would work best, as it would be less time consuming.
								</p>
								<p>
									This meeting was rather quick as there was not much to discuss in 
									terms what needed to be done because everyone already knew what was 
									expected. One of the more important topics was going over the questions 
									Victor would ask during his interview. The group had decided that 
									roughly 12 questions would be a good amount of questions to ask, as 
									long as they are answered in depth.
								</p>
								<div id=actions05>
									<h3>Actions:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									In terms of the actions needed to be taken based on the agenda of 
									the meeting, there were two main actions. One was for each member 
									to finish off their last assigned section, which will then lead 
									to all sections of the report being completed. Each member would 
									also need to reference any sites or sources they used when writing 
									their reports and create a list of references they used.
								</p>
								<p>
									The other action that needed to be taken was specifically related 
									to Victor’s assigned section. Victor would need to carry out the 
									interview he’s been working on. As he had already planned a date 
									to conduct the interview, there were no worries that he wouldn’t 
									be able to complete his portion of work by the assigned deadline.
								</p>
								<p>
									Each member would also need to be ready with their sections to 
									be combined into one report document, as well as add it to the 
									website. Although the website has not been created yet, a roughly 
									base was created by Victor based on his assignment 1 template.
								</p>
								<h3>21/04/2021 Meeting (Online)</h3>
								<div id=agenda06>
									<h3>Agenda:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									This meeting was to conduct a more formal meeting, similar to the 
									previous meetings format which followed a type of sprint retro 
									meeting style, each member stated three things: what they’ve done, 
									any issues, and what they plan to do. One of our members, Victor, 
									could not attend the meeting due to work commitments. This was 
									not an issue, however, because he was present during the face-to-face 
									meeting and had already reported on what he plans to do and what 
									he’s been working on.
								</p>
								<p>
									Each member had at least completed one assigned section and was 
									either already working on the next section or planned to start 
									working on it. All members were generally issue free, but one 
									member, George, wanted other members to look over his work as 
									he found it a bit difficult to write a portion of his work. This 
									marked roughly 50% of the content completed and the website would 
									be on the way as well. This is only a rough estimate, as most 
									members were working on the final content pieces.
								</p>
								<p>
									We had also clarified, that each member was to write up a summary 
									of their personal information from assignment 1 to use in this 
									assignment. This method was chosen over having one person 
									summarise everyone’s information, as it would be faster as 
									each member knew themselves the best.
								</p>
								<div id=actions06>
									<h3>Actions:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									The actions that need to be taken was that each member would need 
									to continue working on their assigned section (in terms of the content). 
									They would also need to have it completed and posted in at least 
									the MS Teams by the weekend, which was the assigned deadline. 
									It is important that this deadline is met, as there would only be 
									one week left before submission, and we still need to put all our 
									individual parts together into one report, as well as the website.
								</p>
								<p>
									Regarding the website, the website would also need to be started, 
									this would be in terms of creating the base template. This would 
									consist of blank pages, where each member would put their content 
									into, as well as any images they wish to use. Each member would 
									also need to be prepared to work on the group reflection and feedback 
									in the coming meetings.
								</p>
								<h3>27/04/2021 Meeting (Face-to-Face)</h3>
								<div id=agenda07>
									<h3>Agenda:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									During the face-to-face meeting, two out of the five members could 
									not attend, as such we could only go through what the three members 
									(i.e. Anthony, Victor, and George) thought and did. During the 
									meeting we discussed what stage everyone was at, as the expected 
									stage was that everyone had completed all their assigned sections 
									and only needed to put everything together into one document. However, 
									George had mentioned that he was waiting for Sahil’s portion of the 
									work for him to complete his portion, as they were working on the same 
									section together. As Sahil was not present, it was difficult to bring 
									this up, and all that could be done was to message Sahil about this.
								</p>
								<p>
									The three members present also assigned left over work, which was 
									creating the website (i.e. blank pages), combining each section and 
									creating a formatted report document, and creating the meetings 
									document. As George still needed to complete his portion he was to 
									work on that and have it completed before the next meeting (i.e. tomorrow). 
									Anthony was already working on the meetings documentation, so he would 
									continue to work on this and create a formatted document as well. 
									Victor had offered to create both the website base and the formatted 
									report document, although he was assigned this work, the other three 
									members would assist him if he needed it.
								</p>
								<p>
									Another topic for this meeting was reviewing the each other’s work 
									and making sure they met the standard we were looking for. Although 
									each present member only briefly looked over the documents, we had 
									noted that some of the work ‘submitted’ was not up to standard. Although 
									it was mainly judging the work on quantity, it was also a concern if 
									the work was too little as this could also lead to a drop in quality. 
									Some of the work not up to standard was done by the non-present members, 
									which made it hard to communicate this. As such it was decided that 
									before the next meeting, every member was to briefly go over all the 
									work submitted and be prepared to provide feedback, and that the 
									next meeting would also consist of working on improving the documents.
								</p>
								<p>
									Some additional notes that were brought up was that the group should 
									have gone over each other’s assignment 1 submission. This was brought 
									up as some of the assignment 1 submissions didn’t look up to the 
									standard the group was looking for, and would have helped with assisting 
									members who seemed like they needed help.
								</p>
								<div id=actions07>
									<h3>Actions:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									Based on the agenda of the meeting, each member was to look over each 
									other’s work and be prepared to provide feedback and receive feedback. 
									This was to help improve the work of each other’s work as some 
									sections were not up to standard. Each member would also need to 
									find some images, and provide references, for each of the sections as 
									the group was lacking in imagery for both the report and the website.
								</p>
								<p>
									A key action that needed to be taken was for each member to thoroughly 
									look over their own work and honestly look at the parts that were 
									lacking and work on it. Although we had decided that the next meeting 
									would also consist of working as a group (although not part of the recording), 
									each member should improve their own work in their own time to reduce the 
									time taken during the meeting working on it together.
								</p>
								<h3>28/04/2021 Meeting (Online)</h3>
								<div id=agenda08>
									<h3>Agenda:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									The agenda for this meeting was quite important in completing this assignment. 
									The agenda was to bring up quality issues that were noted in the previous 
									meeting, as well as organise who and how we should combine all our 
									individual sections into one document and also the website.
								</p>
								<p>
									As always the meeting began with each member stating what they’ve done, 
									any issues, and what they plan to do after the meeting. The majority 
									of the members had completed their sections and only needed to review 
									their own work or have someone review their work for feedback. This 
									relates to the quality of our work, as we had reminded each member 
									that they should make sure that their work meets our standard.
								</p>
								<p>
									The majority of the meeting was also completing the group reflection. 
									Anthony, as the chair, asked the group each of the questions and noted 
									down what they each said. Each member would also need to work on 
									their own reflection during their own time.
								</p>
								<div id=actions08>
									<h3>Actions:</h3>
								</div>
								<p>
									Each member would need to review their own work, and if they have 
									time review the other members work. It is important they members 
									don’t drag out working on their own sections too long, as it should 
									have been completed by the previous deadline (i.e. the recent weekend).
								</p>
								<p>
									Each member would also need to complete an individual group reflection 
									on their own and post it onto the teams and the GitHub. Anthony, as 
									the chair, would also need to write up a proper document for the 
									group’s group reflection, as he was only taking notes during the 
									meeting. As he had dropped out of the meeting during the meeting due 
									to technical issues, he should also review the recording to make sure 
									he didn’t miss anything.
								</p>
							</div>
						</section>
					</article>

				<!-- Footer -->
				<footer id="footer">
					<ul class="icons">
						<li><i class="fab fa-snapchat"></i></li>
						<li><i class="fab fa-instagram"></i></li>
						<li><i class="fab fa-github"></i></li>
					</ul>

					<ul class="copyright">
						<li>&copy; Untitled</li><li>Design: <a href="http://html5up.net">HTML5 UP</a></li>
					</ul>
				</footer>

			</div>

			<!-- Scroll to Top Button -->
			<a class="returntotop" href="#"><i class="fas fa-arrow-up"></i></a>

		<!-- Scripts -->
			<script src="assets/js/jquery.min.js"></script>
			<script src="assets/js/jquery.scrollex.min.js"></script>
			<script src="assets/js/jquery.scrolly.min.js"></script>
			<script src="assets/js/browser.min.js"></script>
			<script src="assets/js/breakpoints.min.js"></script>
			<script src="assets/js/util.js"></script>
			<script src="assets/js/main.js"></script>

	</body>
</html>
